## The Journey Between complete memex/Memex 1 assignment/A Victorian Ecological Disaster Imperialism, the Telegraph, and Gutta-Percha and complete memex/Memex 3/memex 3 atomic notes/How exploitative is the mining operations to create AI devices
- [[complete memex/Memex 1 assignment/A Victorian Ecological Disaster Imperialism, the Telegraph, and Gutta-Percha]]
	- The path starts with a annotated note from my memex, which is about a article talking about the exploitation and the near extinction of the gutta percha tree due to it being exploited for the construction of telegraphs and other important 
- [[complete memex/Memex 1 Atomic notes/Is modern day resource exploitation for the creation of computers similar to the environmental collapse of Gutta-Percha]]
	- The next part of the path is an atomic note that is connected to the beforehand annotated note. This atomic note is one of my thoughts at the time about the similarities between the resource exploitation of modern computers, and the exploitation of gutta percha.
- #corporate_influence
	- Through this tag, my atomic note connects to the final node of the journey.
- [[complete memex/Memex 3/memex 3 atomic notes/How exploitative is the mining operations to create AI devices]]
	- The final node in the journey, this atomic note is not directly connected to the starting annotated note, though it is asking a similar question to the previous atomic note. I created this note about a month after the previous two, but it is still connected.

Throughout this course, the most powerful thing I have learned is the concept of interlinkage, which I have mainly applied in my notes and memex. In previous classes, I always made notes as sort of separate entities. Each note would just be on the class given, and none would connect with either previous notes or future notes. But what this class forced me to do is to connect notes and ideas, leading to a much more expansive database that I could use. One problem I remember having in other classes is having to search each note separately for information, but due to the interlinkage of my notes in this course, information is relatively easy to find as each note will eventually lead to whatever I am looking for. On top of this, it makes me engage more with the material as instead of just copying down notes, I must think about how they connect to both past notes, and possible future notes that I will create. Using the example of my journey, I picked two random notes and looked to see if there was a possible connection between them. Though I created them months apart using different sources, they ended up having a similar premise and being connected. Also, what I found with this journey is that it does not really matter where you start in notes if they are all connected, as each note feeds into other notes, enhancing them. Interlinkage both makes you critically think about a subject, and it makes the notes more enhanced by seeing how different parts of the course link together creating a “big picture” of the entire course. This is why for me the interlinkage of knowledge is the most powerful thing I learned in this course.


